capital = 549
primary_culture = north_german
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 5.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.15
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.25


#GreaterPowers = prestige
prestige = 50

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = low_schools

ruling_party = PRU_conservative_2
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 15
	conservative = 75
	reactionary = 10
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Technologies


#clean_coal = 1


#Inventions

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 3
nonstate_consciousness = 1

schools = army_tech_school

oob = "PRU_oob.txt"
1861.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1861/PRU_oob.txt"
	prestige = 120
	plurality = 60
	literacy = 0.90
	non_state_culture_literacy = 0.45

foreign_investment = {
	OLD = 10000
	MEC = 7500
	SAX = 7500
	HAN = 10000
}

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = state_controlled
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = low_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = low_safety
health_care = low_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = low_subsidies
pensions = low_pensions 
school_reforms = acceptable_schools
	
# Technologies
	

#Inventions

}
